Enable CodeGenMemberSerialization related attributes on mgmt/HLC (SchemaObjectType) and update readme for the new attributes (#3441)
Azure/autorest.csharp: readme.md

### Customize serialization/deserialization methods

If you want to change the property name that serializes into the JSON or deserializes from the JSON, you could define your own property name using the `CodeGenMemberSerialization` attribute.

<details>

> Define a partial class and the property you want to change in the partial class, and add `CodeGenMemberSerialization` attribute to it:

Author: This is a very simple use case therefore it could apply to this pattern.
In the use case now, if we just put all the "generated code before" here, the document will be too long to read.
I could add some more explanation by describing a scenario and how we could do it and how the code CHANGES

namespace Azure.Service.Models
{
    public partial class Cat
    {
-        public string Name { get; set; }  
    }
}
```

**Generated code after (Generated/Models/Model.Serialization.cs):**

``` diff
namespace Azure.Service.Models
{
    public partial class Cat : IUtf8JsonSerializable
    {
        void IUtf8JsonSerializable.Write(Utf8JsonWriter writer)
        {
            writer.WriteStartObject();
-           writer.WritePropertyName("name"u8);
+           writer.WritePropertyName("catName"u8);
            writer.WriteStringValue(Name);
            writer.WriteEndObject();
        }

        internal static Cat DeserializeCat(JsonElement element)
        {
            if (element.ValueKind == JsonValueKind.Null)
            {
                return null;
            }
            string name = default;
            foreach (var property in element.EnumerateObject())
            {
-               if (property.NameEquals("name"u8))
+               if (property.NameEquals("catName"u8))
                {
                    meow = property.Value.GetString();
                    continue;
                }
            }
            return new Cat(name);
        }
    }
}
```

> You can also add multiple element in the attribute and the generator will generate the property in a hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change the location of the property in the json, you can add all the elements in the location path to this attribute, then the generator will generate the property in correct hierarchy. e.g. following example : move `Name` property under property `properties` and rename to `catName`.
```

+           writer.WritePropertyName("properties"u8);
+           writer.WriteStartObject();
+           writer.WritePropertyName("catName"u8);
            writer.WriteStringValue(Name);
+           writer.WriteEndObject();
            writer.WriteEndObject();
        }

        internal static Cat DeserializeCat(JsonElement element)
        {
            if (element.ValueKind == JsonValueKind.Null)
            {
                return null;
            }
            string name = default;
            foreach (var property in element.EnumerateObject())
            {
-               if (property.NameEquals("name"u8))
+               if (property.NameEquals("properties"u8))
+               {
+                   foreach (var property in element.EnumerateObject())
+                   {
+                       if (property.NameEquals("catName"u8))
                        {
                            meow = property.Value.GetString();
                            continue;
                        }
+                   }
+                   continue;
+               }
            }
            return new Cat(name);
        }
    }
}
```

</details>

> If you want to change the implementation of serialization/deserialization method of one particular property, you could define your own hook methods and assign them to a property using the `CodeGenMemberSerializationHooks` attribute.

Reviewer: Maybe It is better to separate it as another customization.

Author: I believe this is also one of the topics of "customization serialization/deserialization method". I did not have a better name that distinguishing this from the topic above, and this attribute can be used together with the attribute above. Therefore I do not want this to be in another section

Author: Resolved in another PR

            writer.WritePropertyName("color"u8);
+           writer.WriteStringValue(Color);
            writer.WriteEndObject();
        }

        internal static Cat DeserializeCat(JsonElement element)
        {
            if (element.ValueKind == JsonValueKind.Null)
            {
                return null;
            }
            string name = default;
+           Optional<string> color = default;
            foreach (var property in element.EnumerateObject())
            {
                if (property.NameEquals("name"u8))
                {
                    meow = property.Value.GetString();
                    continue;
                }
+               if (property.NameEquals("color"u8))
+               {
+                   meow = property.Value.GetString();
+                   continue;
+               }
            }
            return new Cat(name);
        }
    }
}
```

You could also add the `CodeGenMemberSerializationHooks` attribute to the property to have your own serialization/deserialization logic of the new property. You might have to do this if the type of your new property is an object type or any type that our generator does not natively support.

> **NOTE: Adding property to serialization/deserialization methods currently only works for DPG.**

Reviewer 2: Does this PR implement for Mgmt as well?

Author: Not yet.

Reviewer 2: OK. I thought the change in `test/TestProjects/MgmtCustomizations/Customization/` is showing it works for mgmt.

Author: Oh - I forgot to remove it. I will add a comment to that property emphasizing that this does not work now.

Author: Actually i already removed the `OldProperty` which is expected to be added into the serialization and deserialization.

Reviewer 3: Just to make sure I understand this works for all targets right?

Author: > Just to make sure I understand this works for all targets right?

Adding an extra property to serialization/deserialization using the attribute only works for DPG.
